# reportng
**reportng** is a simply python module that allows one to create beautiful yet simple Bootstrap 4 html reports. Reportng is capable of with any string type output that is generated by python.

Currently, reportng supports the following:

- Search and highlight
- Self populating dropdown menu for report sections.

# Installation
> `pip install reportng`

# Example
```python
from reportng import reportng
from subprocess import Popen, PIPE
import requests

r = reportng.ReportWriter(report_name='Demo report', brand='securisec')
report = r.report_header()

report += r.report_section('Multiline Demo', """
One line
Two line
""")

output = Popen('ls /tmp', shell=True, stdout=PIPE).stdout.read()
report += r.report_section('Output of ls', output, tag_color='success')

req = requests.get('https://httpbin.org/status/418').text
report += r.report_section('Output of requests', req, tag_color='info')
report += r.report_add_image_carousel(
    'https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/0d/65/7f/0d657f5cdfea37f003afda6ae965e9fb.jpg',
    'http://chrispiascik.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/1534-20140106-SickPattern.jpg',
    '/tmp/apicture.jpg')
report += r.report_notes('Nice pictures!')

report += r.report_footer(message='Hello from securisec!', twitter='https://twitter.com/securisec',
                          github='https://github.com/securisec')

r.save_report(report, 'demo_report.html')
```

## Main methods
- *class* ReportWriter(*report_name*, *brand*)
    - *report_name*: Name of report
    - *brand*: Name of company/tool/person creating the report
- report_header(theme, highlight_color) **mandatory**

    Builds the header for the report. Is mandatory
    - theme: is Lux by default. Any of the 15 Bootswatch themes could be used. [Bootswatch](https://bootswatch.com/)
    - highlight_color: sets the color of the highlight box. Default is yellow
- report_section(*title*, *content*, pre_tag, tag_color)
    
    The main method that handles the content of the report
    - *title*: Title of the report section
    - *content*: Content of the report section
    - pre_tag: Set to _False_ to use _p_ tag output
    - tag_color: Set to _danger_, _success_, _warning_ or _info_ to changer the title color
- report_add_image_carousel(*args)
    
    Use this method after a _report_section_ to add images to that section. It creates an image carousel. Takes multiple images paths/links
- report_notes(content)

    Helps in adding simple center aligned _p_ tags. Useful for adding details under a section or image carousel
   
- report_footer(message, **kwargs)

    Adds an optional footer to the report.
    
    - message: a custom message can be set
    - **kwargs: Social media content can be added. Valid social media keys are _github_, _twitter_, _email_ and _linkedin_.
    
- report_save(*all_objects*, *path*)

    Save the report to disk
    
    - _all_objects_: All the concatenated objects
    - _path_: path to save the file in

